yo wassup everybody should boy floss
back again with another video and I'm
making this one really really quick just
to show y'all something I got in the
mail a little cute case for your iPhone
5 now this is this is for the ladies I
rock with me I said I don't really do
any ladies products and all that well I
ordered a bunch of cases for my shorty
so what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna show
them to you normally I just pass them
off or whatever but i'ma show them to
y'all see what it looks like so I just
got this in the mail pop it open and see
what it looks like this is like I said
this ain't none fancy just for girls if
you got a high five this is a cute
little case that you might want to look
at when you open it up shoutouts all my
old school heads who had game boys y'all
know what this is this is actually a
gameboy case this for your iPhone 5 take
it off the packet now if you look close
you can see the buttons I actually
raised up so it has texture to it just a
pink rubberized case it's cute now I'll
put it on my iPhone so you can see what
it looks like now now now all y'all
trolls out there no I'm not gonna be
rocking this you know I'm saying shout
out to my man go Gators you know what
I'm talking about I know you'll be
blowing me up or to it so my you know
I'm really gonna be rocking this now
this for my shorty so I ain't even gonna
play this one but I'll put it on so you
can see what it looks like me like I
said I like playing cases you know I'm
rocking right now with this rubberized
black joint with the silver with the
see-through back or whatever but I
ordered a whole bunch of cases I mean
you're gonna be seeing a whole bunch of
cases coming through
whether you like Apple or not you gotta
admit they got a whole bunch of cases
for you that - so let's pop this on and
see what it looks like so that's it it
just snaps right on nice little novelty
item you know and the good thing is the
price now keep in mind I got this on
Amazon for about $10 so for $10 even
though she only rocks it for a couple of
days and you know get a few pictures
with it has a couple of you know good
laughs with it it was worth the money
but um $10 you can't go wrong with this
this is this is nice especially if you
leave your phone on the table at work
all the time
this is it's a nice little something to
look at even the screen is raised up if
you get a look at them so for $10 and
especially if you're old-school person
and you know you can appreciate the old
Nintendo and Gameboy and all that like I
actually had the real Gameboy like this
so that's why I can appreciate it more
than a lot of young cats probably be
like you know there's some or
whatever but now this is this is a good
cute little case for $10 so if you got a
shorty and you want to just give us
something cute far iPhone go on Amazon
and look for this one this one about $10
you can't go wrong with this alright
it's about it I can't stop laughing
cause I did this to me this is cute
if they had any white I probably would
get one as a novelty for me too but um
so far only seen pink but whatever I'm
going to look out it's a nice little
joint your boy floss imma capture 2 on
the next trip deuces